“I haven’t been everywhere, but it’s on my list.” – Susan Sontag
“Work, Travel, Save, Repeat.” – Unknown
“When preparing to travel, lay out all your clothes and all your money. Then take half the clothes and twice the money.” – Susan Heller
“Can we just skip to the part of my life where I travel the world?” – Unknown
“I need six months of vacation, twice a year.” – Unknown
“The worst thing about being a tourist is having other tourists recognize you as a tourist.” – Russell Baker
“I’ve been to almost as many places as my luggage.” – Bob Hope
“Travel becomes a strategy for accumulating photographs.” – Susan Sontag
“Man cannot discover new oceans unless he has the courage to lose sight of the shore.” – Andre Gide
“Remember that happiness is a way of travel – not a destination.” – Roy M. Goodman
The most beautiful in the world is, of course, the world itself.” – Wallace Stevens
“Traveling – it leaves you speechless, then turns you into a storyteller.” – Ibn Battuta
“We live in a wonderful world that is full of beauty, charm and adventure. There is no end to the adventures we can have if only we seek them with our eyes open.” – Jawaharial Nehru
“Perhaps travel cannot prevent bigotry, but by demonstrating that all peoples cry, laugh, eat, worry, and die, it can introduce the idea that if we try and understand each other, we may even become friends.” – Maya Angelou
“A person susceptible to ‘wanderlust’ is not so much addicted to movement as committed to transformation.”  – Pico Iyer
“We travel, some of us forever, to seek other states, other lives, other souls.” – Anais Nin
“I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travel’s sake. The great affair is to move.” – Robert Louis Stevenson
“Jobs fill your pocket, but adventures fill your soul.” – Jamie Lyn Beatty
“To Travel is to Live.” – Hans Christian Andersen
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all.” – Helen Keller
“Blessed are the curious for they shall have adventures.” – Lovelle Drachman
“Take only memories, leave only footprints.” – Chief Seattle
“Live your life by a compass not a clock.” – Stephen Covey
“Not all those who wander are lost.” – J.R.R. Tolkien
“Adventure is worthwhile.” – Aesop
“Life is short and the world is wide.” – Unknown
“A journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step.” – Lao Tzu
“It is not down in any map; true places never are.” – Herman Melville
“I’m in love with cities I’ve never been to and people I’ve never met.” – John Green
“The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page.” – Augustine of Hippo
“Live life with no excuses, travel with no regret.” – Oscar Wilde
“Once a year, go someplace you’ve never been before.” – Dalai Lama
“A good traveler has no fixed plans, and is not intent on arriving.” – Lao Tzu
“The world makes way for the man who knows where he is going.” – Ralph Waldo Emerson
“It’s not what you look at that matters. It’s what you see.” – Henry David Thoreau
“Two roads diverged in a wood and I – I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference.” – Robert Frost
“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things that you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines. Sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.” – Mark Twain
“Travel is  fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts.” – Mark Twain
“I have found out that there ain’t no surer way to find out whether you like people or hate them than to travel with them.” – Mark Twain
“It seems that the more places I see and experience, the bigger I realize the world to be. The more I become aware of, the more I realize how relatively little I know of it, how many places I have still to go, how much more there is to learn.” – Anthony Bourdain
“Travel is about the gorgeous feeling of teetering in the unknown.” – Anthony Bourdain
“The gladdest moment in human life, methinks, is a departure into unknown lands.” – Sir Richard Burton
“I am not the same, having seen the moon shine on the other side of the world.” – Mary Anne Radmacher
“Life is either a daring adventure or nothing at all." – Helen Keller
“The most beautiful in the world is, of course, the world itself.” – Wallace Stevens
“I have found out that there ain’t no surer way to find out whether you like people or hate them than to travel with them.”- Mark Twain
“Avoiding danger is no safer in the long run than outright exposure.” ― Helen Keller
“Adventure is worthwhile in itself.” ― Amelia Earhart
“The danger of adventure is worth a thousand days of ease and comfort.” ― Paulo Coelho
“If we were meant to stay in one place, we’d have roots instead of feet.” ― Rachel Wolchin
“Let us step into the night and pursue that flighty temptress, adventure.” ― J.K. Rowling
“Adventure may hurt you, but monotony will kill you.” — Marcus Purvis
“Traveling – it leaves you speechless, then turns you into a storyteller.” — Ibn Battuta
“Cover the earth before it covers you.” — Dagobert Runes
“And into the forest I go, to lose my mind and find my soul.” — John Muir
“So shut up, live, travel, adventure, bless, and don’t be sorry.” ― Jack Kerouac
“All good things are wild and free.” ― Henry David Thoreau
“Attitude is the difference between an ordeal and an adventure.” — Bob Bitchin
“Never fear quarrels, but seek hazardous adventures.” ― Alexandre Dumas
“Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage.” — Anais Nin
“Adventure is not outside man; it is within.” ― George Eliot
“There is no certainty; there is only adventure.” ― Roberto Assagioli
“It’s not the mountain we conquer, but ourselves.” ― Sir Edmund Hillary
“Life without adventure is like pizza without cheese.” — The Global Castaway
“A ship is safe in harbor, but that’s not what ships are built for.” — John G. Shed